Add support for configuring what resources to collect events for (#15992)
DataDog/integrations-core: vsphere/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

***Added***:

> * Add support for configuring what resources to collet events for ([#15992](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/15992))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for configuring what resources to collect events from ([#15992](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/15992))
```
